# Development of an Optimized Algorithm for Split Delivery Vehicle Routing Problem with Time Windows

# Solution Progress Track
[] Chen, P., Golden, B., Wang, X., &amp; Wasil, E. (2017). A novel approach to solve the split delivery vehicle routing problem. International Transactions in Operational Research, 24(1-2), 27-41.
	
	[PDF](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdf/10.1111/itor.12250)
	[VRP.cpp](https://projects.coin-or.org/VRPH/browser/trunk/src/apps/vrp_rtr.cpp?rev=5)
	[vrp-rtr](https://projects.coin-or.org/VRPH/browser/trunk/src/VRP.cpp?rev=5)

	##Conclusion
	>We propose a novel approach to solve the SDVRP. Each demand is split into several small pieces, and some dummy copies of the corresponding customer are generated. This idea allows us to transform the SDVRP into a CVRP and we can use any CVRP solver to solve this problem. Our computational experiments have demonstrated that VRPHAS improves the nonsplit solutions and, for the 82 benchmark instances, it is much faster than the state‐of‐the‐art algorithms and often produces solutions with comparable quality. In addition, VRPHAS is simple to implement, so that anyone with a free or commercial CVRP solver can apply it.
	
	##Steps
	+ [x] Gather open source libarary VRPH (Groer, 2011)
	+ [] Gather dataset used in paper


		"The 82 instances are divided into four sets."
		+[] Set 1 has 11 instances from TSPLIB by Belenguer et al. (2000).
			+[] "... a set of 11 instances from the TSPLIB (Reinelt 1991)"
				+[] "... These instances are publically available via http:www.uv.es/∼belengue/SDVRP/sdvrplib.html."
				**https://www.uv.es/~belengue/SDVRP/: Forbidden access 403 error: "...Due to changes in the security policy of the UV, on March 25, 2014 ..."**
				###I'll keep trying to look for the instances
		+[] Set 2 has 14 instances randomly generated using the coordinates of eil51, eil76, and eil101 from TSPLIB by Belenguer et al. (2000)
		+[] Set 3 has 36 instances generated by Archetti et al. (2008).
		+[] Set 4 has 21 instances from Chen et al. (2007).
		
	+ [] Implement *a priori* split strategy 
	+ [] Setup initial testing (dataset + makefile)
	+ [] Optimization to achieve paper results
	+ [] Optimization for better result
	
[x] Silva, M. M., Subramanian, A., &amp; Ochi, L. S. (2015). An iterated local search heuristic for the split delivery vehicle routing problem. Computers &amp; Operations Research, 53, 234-249.
	a multi-start Iterated Local Search (ILS) based heuristic that includes a novel perturbation mechanism. 
	
	######Issues with makefile

[x] Berbotto, L., García, S., &amp; Nogales, F. J. (2014). A randomized granular tabu search heuristic for the split delivery vehicle routing problem. Annals of Operations Research, 222(1), 153-173.

	######Issues with datasets